MGDAPI-5313 initial commit (#1)
integr8ly/api-management-migrations: README.md

# Managed-Api-Service-Migrations

> This repository covers migrations from 3scale on-prem and SaaS to Managed Api Service (RHOAM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository covers migrations from 3scale on-prem and SaaS to Red Hat OpenShift API Management (RHOAM)
```
